Update handbook to reflect new bug triage process (#25967)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/product-groups.md

At this state, the bug review DRI (QA) is responsible for going through the inbox and documenting reproduction steps, asking for more reproduction details from the reporter, or asking the product team for more guidance.  QA has **1 business day** to move the bug to the next step (reproduced) or request more information.

For community-reported bugs, this may require QA to gather more information from the reporter. QA should reach out to the reporter if more information is needed to reproduce the issue. Reporters are encouraged to provide timely follow-up information for each report. At two weeks since last communication QA will ping the reporter for more information on the status of the issue. After four weeks of stale communication QA will close the issue. Reporters are welcome to re-open the closed issue if more investigation is warranted.

Once reproduced, QA documents the reproduction steps in the description and moves it to the reproduced state.

#### Reproduced

> QA has reproduced the issue successfully. It should now be transferred to product design.

Author: ```suggestion
QA has reproduced the issue successfully. It should now be transferred to product design if it is a released bug, or engineering if it is unreleased.
```

Remove the “:reproduce” label, add the following labels:

1. The relevant product group (e.g. `#g-mdm`, `#g-orchestration`, `#g-software`). Make your best guess, and product design will change if necessary.
3. The `~released bug` label if the bug is in a published version of Fleet, or `~unreleased bug` if it is not yet published.

> 2. The `:incoming` label indicates to product design that it is a new bug to be triaged.

Author: ```suggestion
2. The `:incoming` label indicates that it is a new bug to be triaged.
```

> 2. The `:incoming` label indicates that it is a new bug to be triaged.

Reviewer: this may now be redundant with items in the New Request column.  to note: `:incoming` is also on the bug template

Author: Good point, seems like we can remove this.

> 3. The `:product` label will place the bug on the team's release board.

Author: ```suggestion
3. The `:product` label will place the bug on the product drafting board.
```

> 3. The `:product` label will place the bug on the product drafting board.

Author: ```suggestion
3. If this is a **released bug**, add the `:product` label to place the bug on the product drafting board. If it is an **unreleased bug**, add the `:release` label to place it directly on the release board so it is fixed before the next release. 
```

> **Fast track for Fleeties:** Fleeties do not have to wait for QA to reproduce the bug. If you're confident it's reproducible, it's a bug, and the reproduction steps are well-documented, it can be moved directly to the reproduced state.

#### In product drafting

> After reproduction, all bugs go through product drafting to validate that it is not intentional behavior, it requires a code change to fix, and the bug report is fully populated. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After reproduction, all released bugs go through drafting to validate that it is not expected behavior, it requires a code change to fix, and the bug report is fully populated. 
```

It will stay in this state until product design closes the bug, assigns to a non-engineering team, or moves to the "Ready to estimate" column of the drafting board for engineering review and estimation. 

> If a bug meets the criteria for a [critical bug](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#critical-bugs), the `~critical bug` label is added, and the EM follows the [critical bug notification process](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Releasing-Fleet.md#critical-bug-notification-process).

Author: ```suggestion
If a bug meets the criteria for a [critical bug](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#critical-bugs), the `~critical bug` label is added, and product design follows the [critical bug notification process](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Releasing-Fleet.md#critical-bug-notification-process).
```

> If a bug meets the criteria for a [critical bug](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#critical-bugs), the `~critical bug` label is added, and product design follows the [critical bug notification process](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Releasing-Fleet.md#critical-bug-notification-process).

Reviewer: broken links: 
- https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#critical-bugs
- https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Releasing-Fleet.md#critical-bug-notification-process

Author: Fixed, thanks.

> If a bug meets the criteria for a [critical bug](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#critical-bugs), the `~critical bug` label is added, and product design follows the [critical bug notification process](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Releasing-Fleet.md#critical-bug-notification-process).

Author: ```suggestion
If a bug meets the criteria for a [critical bug](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/product-groups#release-testing), the `~critical bug` label is added, and product design follows the [critical bug notification process](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/product-groups#notify-the-community-about-a-critical-bug).
```
